I watch dramas and movies.
My mother bought this racket for me.
Our flight time will be about 12 hours and 30 minutes.

Which book is yours?
Do students have their own classroom in the U.S.?
"Well, can I guess? When did you first meet her?"

She studies Japanese.
His mother bought a new camera for him.
I think American gestures and Japanese gestures have very different meanings.

That's my sister Haruko.
The sumo wrestlers were big, tall and powerful.
I watered the flowers in the garden before breakfast.

You are a rock fan.
She teaches science at a high school.
After lunch, I played tennis with Shun in the park.

He has three dogs.
There are two pictures on the wall.
What were you studying at 10:00 yesterday morning?

I was sleepy in the morning.
Look at these dots. Can you read this?
When they say "yes," they shake their head.

I'm twelve years old.
I was sleepy when you called me.
I listen to music and go to bed at eleven o'clock.

I have nine pens.
"What's the matter?" she asks.
His hobby is skateboarding, and he sometimes goes to school by skateboard.

I don't have any CDs.
I'm Kerry, and this is my friend Abby.
Joey and the girl are in the same lab group.

I have eight cats.
Does she practice tennis every day?
The sumo wrestlers were big, tall and powerful.

I point to my nose like this.
Lisa opens her eyes wide and looks at him.
One day, Joey sighs and says to Lisa on their way home, "I can't sleep well these days."

No, I didn't.
We became friends through surfing two years ago.
When we say "no," we shake our head.

I take a bath after dinner.
It's Japanese New Year's food.
When I came home, my sisters were cooking dinner.

But I won't have it.
Ryo reads books when he is free.
Last Sunday, my husband and I went to Tokyo.

I read every day.
I love my hometown and friends in school.
For example, the letter "d" has three dots - 1, 4 and 5.

It's a rice cracker.
There is a picture on the wall.
This racket is light, so I can play tennis well.

I'm very hungry.
But Americans usually put a hand on their chest.
Braille has the capital sign for capital letters and the number sign for numbers.

I have some pictures of my family.
They read Braille with their fingers.
Do Bulgarians nod their head when they say "yes"?

He has a new bike.
The moon is the king of the sky at night.
Lisa, Kate and Jenny are the girls in the group.

We came home at about 5 o'clock.
I'm looking at the stars through my telescope.
March, April and May are spring months in Japan.

I listen to rock music every day.
When we say "no," we shake our head.
The moon is the king of the sky at night.

This is my camera.
He is good at math and science.
I think that gestures are important for communication.

I went to Kyoto last week.
I practice soccer with her every day.
In the afternoon, we walked along the Sumida River.

Who's this girl?
I eat toast and eggs for breakfast.
Gestures have different meanings in different countries.

Yes, there are.
Hiro plays soccer on Tuesdays and Fridays.
In Greece, that gesture is an insult to the driver.

Stand up, please.
I have some pictures of my family.
We can often see Braille on many things around us.

I'm a rock fan, too.
Do we have special New Year's food in Japan?
I like the pictures of the koala in your arms in the sanctuary.

We often eat turkey and pie.
Where does Ms. Allen teach English?
We have four seasons in a year - spring, summer, fall and winter.

He is waiting for his friends.
"Where did you meet her?" Lisa asks.
In Canada, we have no special New Year's food.

Are you on the basketball team?
There are two balls in the bag.
Who can come and look at the stars with Ben?

Do you have a return ticket?
How do you point to your self, Hiro?
A young sumo wrestler pushed a big heavy wrestler many times, but he didn't move at all.

We'll arrive at 3:15.
Sumo wrestlers eat it with their stable master.
Alex's favorite sumo wrestler is very tall and heavy.

Joey is in love with a girl.
After the match, he talked on TV.
The camera is old, but it can take good pictures.

You aren't a student.
One Braille letter has one to six dots.
Zero nine, eight seven six five, four three two one, right?

Does she write English well?
I came home at 10:00 last night.
When you called me last night, I was reading a book about many different gestures in the U.S. and Japan.

How many cats do you have?
Can I do my homework with you?
Americans usually don't make a peace sign when they take a picture.

I went to Australia last month.
Did you enjoy your winter vacation?
Ms. Allen gets up at six every morning, and then she washes her face.

Hmm... Let's see.
What time do you get up every day?
Sports Day is on the second Monday in October.

He is my classmate.
There are not any pictures on the wall.
They attract other insects with their light and catch them.
