He is a soccer fan.
This camera can take good pictures.
We can often see Braille on many things around us.

I watch baseball on TV.
We have Tsukimi in September or October.
But Americans usually put a hand on their chest.

Is Takeshi on the basketball team?
What do you do when you're free?
Zero nine, eight seven six five, four three two one, right?

She's a high school student.
They sometimes walk home together after school.
We are going to pass out the landing cards soon.

It's too big for me.
Those gestures are opposite to ours!
In Greece, that gesture is an insult to the driver.

Nice to meet you, too.
Do you like animals, Ms. Allen?
For example, the letter "d" has three dots - 1, 4 and 5.

I'm so excited.
We don't use the number sign before numbers.
After that, we ate chankonabe, sumo wrestlers' stew.

I'm really interested in gestures.
We will arrive at 3:15 Friday afternoon.
We have four seasons in a year - spring, summer, fall and winter.

At Thanksgiving and Christmas.
How do you say "heiwa" in English?
When we get a taxi, we raise our hand and face our palm to the driver.

I like basketball and soccer.
I listen to rock music every day.
Joey likes them, but he is not in love with Kate or Jenny.

Write her address, then.
For example, kobumaki means "joy."
Mina thinks Americans and Japanese use very different gestures.

Whose cap is this?
Hi everyone, my name is Regina.
Lisa, Kate and Jenny are the girls in the group.

Your bag is on the desk.
Next, this is a picture of an emu.
One day, Joey sighs and says to Lisa on their way home, "I can't sleep well these days."

How many books do you have?
We use Braille letters from d to j.
Joey looks at her and says, "I can't tell you."

I like music very much.
How long are you going to stay?
I learn many new things with my friends every day.

Now she is excited.
I went to Kyoto two years ago.
I think American gestures and Japanese gestures have very different meanings.

He's good at soccer.
Mother kangaroos and koalas have pouches.
When we say "no," we shake our head.

This is my father.
We talked about animals in Australia.
March, April and May are spring months in Japan.

Do you have a computer?
I'm a 13-year-old junior high school student.
Sports Day is on the second Monday in October.

Did you receive my letter?
Can I do my homework with you?
"You mean OUR group!? So, it's Jenny or Kate."

It's summer here now.
They put their arm out to the side.
Japanese people put a hand on their chest when they say "yes."

No, there are not.
Emus can run fast, but they can't fly.
His hobby is skateboarding, and he sometimes goes to school by skateboard.

What do Ben and Seema try?
Ryo reads books when he is free.
I study English on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays.

Did you enjoy it?
We came home at about 5 o'clock.
He answers, "I'm in love with a girl."

Do you play soccer?
I'm very interested in these unique animals.
Many Japanese people make a peace sign when they take a picture.

There are two balls in the bag.
He didn't have breakfast this morning.
My favorite sumo wrestler won a match with a tall heavy wrestler, but he moved very fast like a rabbit on the dohyo.

I was sleepy when you called me.
I walked along the beach two days ago.
I was reading Botchan when you called me last night.

They are Emi, Ken and Aki.
There are not any pictures on the wall.
"Really? Then I know her, right?" she grins.

I watch dramas and movies.
We have our school festival on November 7th.
Joey and the girl are in the same lab group.

Oh, I didn't know that.
They read Braille with their fingers.
When they say "no," they nod their head.

How fast can emus run?
Today, they're on the Internet together.
Can I have a hamburger, French fries and an iced tea?

I don't like animals.
But I'm not a regular player now.
Alex's favorite sumo wrestler is very tall and heavy.

How many cats do you have?
My mother bought this racket for me.
Do we have special New Year's food in Japan?

There are no pictures on the wall.
Is there a picture on the wall?
When you called me last night, I was reading a book about many different gestures in the U.S. and Japan.

Oh, you have many CDs.
We have no special New Year's food.
Where did Ms. Allen and her husband visit in the morning?

Hi everyone, my name is Bob.
How do you point to yourself, Hiro?
This racket is light, so I can play tennis well.

What's the purpose of your visit?
My sister and I walked along the beach.
In the U.S., students don't have their own classroom.

Are you a rock fan?
My uncle is a junior high school teacher.
Lisa thinks for a while and says, "Jenny is very cute. Kate is kind and friendly. Which one? Can I call and tell her?"

I play it in the evening.
I played tennis with Shun in the park.
When they say "yes," they shake their head.

I have three cousins.
Where did your mother buy the racket?
I think that gestures are important for communication.
